Readme.markdown, before:

Overview
========
buildit is an easy to use, easy to modify, and easy to understand build system.
It supports dependency tracking, multiple projects, and an easy to use API.

Information
-----------
Currently only python 2.6.x is supported, though there are plans to add in Python 3.x support. No python versions before that will be supported. buildit is not guaranteed to run on other Python implementations.

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
To install buildit, merely run setup.py install as root

Building The Documentation
--------------------------
To build the documentation properly please install [AsciiDoc](http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/). An HTML version will be available, however it is not guaranteed to always be as up to date as building from source. 

Roadmap
=======

Version 0.2 - Fly By Night
--------------------------

 * Database backend to replace flatfiles. (Completed November 27th 2009)
 * Static, Shared, and Binaries for all C/C++ compilers. (Completed November 27th 2009)
 * MSVC Support
 * Better Documentation
 * pkg-config support (Completed November 25th, 2009)
 
Contributors:
	Tres Walsh      <tres.walsh@mnmlstc.com>    (SAHChandler)
	Damien Schoof   <damien.schoof@gmail.com>   (a_m0d)

This project is released under a BSD License

Commit message:

Changed the documentation system to Markdown.
 * The Markdown2 script is required, and might possibly be distributed
   with buildit (Might pose a legal grey area)
 * Have started writing the System() documentation. It will serve as a
   template for all other documenation files
 * Created the basic documentation build script. It will differ from a
   buildit script, as it's just creating html files, and dumping them
   into a directory :)

Signed-off-by: Tres Walsh <tres.walsh@mnmlstc.com>

Readme.markdown, after:

Overview
========
buildit is an easy to use, easy to modify, and easy to understand build system.
It supports dependency tracking, multiple projects, and an easy to use API.

Information
-----------
Currently only python 2.6.x is supported, though there are plans to add in Python 3.x support. No python versions before that will be supported. buildit is not guaranteed to run on other Python implementations.

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
To install buildit, merely run setup.py install as root

Building The Documentation
--------------------------
To build the documentation [markdown2](http://code.google.com/p/python-markdown2/) is required. In the doc directory, just run `build.py`.

Roadmap
=======

Version 0.2 - Fly By Night
--------------------------

 * Database backend to replace flatfiles. (Completed November 27th 2009)
 * Static, Shared, and Binaries for all C/C++ compilers. (Completed November 27th 2009)
 * MSVC Support
 * Better Documentation
 * pkg-config support (Completed November 25th, 2009)
 
Contributors:
	Tres Walsh      <tres.walsh@mnmlstc.com>    (SAHChandler)
	Damien Schoof   <damien.schoof@gmail.com>   (a_m0d)

This project is released under a BSD License
